we go with the other case where we will also apply the flash technique of
filling
On a cloudy day the light can be excessively psoe-par to the face the
we will give more vivacity filling them with a little bit of flash
if you do it with manual flash or with manual flash with automatisms once placed
the synchronization speed and adjusted the diaphragm based on the
distance that we are going to place of the person we will do the photo
if it is not artificial, we will reduce the power of our flash again
cobián we will close or a point of apramp to
but be careful one more time
do not forget to open a point for the speed
yes yes no
you raise you will put the bottom
my now after compensating the speed
she well
and the background well
we own the photographs
the photo without flash does not conveniently illuminate the face
it shows it very off
the photo with flash revive him excessively
in the photo with compensated flash the face seems well lit and much
more natural
if we work with flash ctl we will act in this way also some of these
pleasures allow you to reduce the exposure with which hughes
exposure values
every euro that you reduce in your flash is how to reduce a point the exposure
but the power of the flash is reduced so you do not have to compensate for the
speed
with the ctl flash we can also forget the shadows that fall on a
object a person on a sunny day
but here you have to be careful in one thing
the light of the flash impose to all type of light nevertheless to the sunlight it is added
creating light on exposures in the image
to avoid this once the sync speed is set home north
and placed between the distances that the flash sends before shooting
we will directly reduce a little bit the power of this as we have
learned
We can also do this technique with plasma
you have to know that the shutter speed does not affect the health of flash
it is with the diaphragm only with which this type of light is regulated
look if not this sequence of photos we throw the first one with flash to the
synchronization speed
and in the following we keep the diaphragm and the distance
but we are putting slower speeds however the scene
it becomes clear as we go the speed
once few patica with your phrase you will understand as not only outdoors
if not practically anywhere
It is very interesting to compensate the exposure as we have shown you
in many camera models the retractable crank that they incorporate allows
also compensate the exposure
these phrases can take us on more than one occasion of pure gold always and
when the subject is near
About three meters, as we told you at the time, they are ideal
also to photograph children for its power is not very big and so
both barely bother them
let's see these pictures
In the first, the camera flash was used without compensating the presence of
this kind of lights very obvious
there are whitish areas and the colors are
a little diluted
in these others however the flash was compensated by exposing it point and a half
the result is much more natural and also the colors are more
contrasted even in some we could come to doubt
yes yes they did with flash
that's the interesting thing about compensating the flash we benefit from this
fantastic light but in such a way that it seems natural
to finish in the same way that compensated fashions position when
the white predominated our picture we should do when we have a
similar situation that we work purchases
in this way we will comment on the power of our flash or on how we will expose
We are through the USA
the differences between one photo and another will be appreciated immediately